README.md, before:

# Evolution Deep Learning Reading Group

Welcome to the Evolution & Deep Learning Reading Group! 




## Meeting Schedule

We meet **every two weeks on Wednesdays at 11:00 AM ET**.

**Zoom Link**: [Join Meeting](https://virginiatech.zoom.us/j/86992753213)

View the current schedule here: [Google Sheets Schedule](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uqp2_1peLV_NcHBIz04vkFiuoQcicO3cGsC2C95oI6k/edit?resourcekey=&gid=969815788#gid=969815788)

## Sign up to Present

Click the [Sign Up Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPVSTP80DcOLTd-GD0oKny_pHWmbM2Nj1VUlsyx8cFgrPNCw/viewform?usp=header) to add your name and paper. Your submission will automatically update the schedule.

## Sign up for Email Reminders

Add your email address to [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHmoINx9zeFMIkfOXSzP__ZgRImnE_tXe8r7QexDbITwr1CQ/viewform?usp=header) to sign up for biweekly reminders that the readning group meeting is coming up.

## Shared Resources

If you want to share any resources with the group, like a paper or textbook, for example, please put it in the `Shared Resources/files` folder.

If you have a hyperlink or something similar to share, that isn't an uploadable file, you can put it below:

[BioCLIP v2 Demo](https://huggingface.co/spaces/imageomics/bioclip-2-demo)

Commit message:

Update README.md with Previous Papers and Recordings

README.md, after:

# Evolution Deep Learning Reading Group

Welcome to the Evolution & Deep Learning Reading Group! 




## Meeting Schedule

We meet **every two weeks on Wednesdays at 11:00 AM ET**.

**Zoom Link**: [Join Meeting](https://virginiatech.zoom.us/j/86992753213)

View the current schedule here: [Google Sheets Schedule](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uqp2_1peLV_NcHBIz04vkFiuoQcicO3cGsC2C95oI6k/edit?resourcekey=&gid=969815788#gid=969815788)

## Sign up to Present

Click the [Sign Up Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScPVSTP80DcOLTd-GD0oKny_pHWmbM2Nj1VUlsyx8cFgrPNCw/viewform?usp=header) to add your name and paper. Your submission will automatically update the schedule.

## Sign up for Email Reminders

Add your email address to [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHmoINx9zeFMIkfOXSzP__ZgRImnE_tXe8r7QexDbITwr1CQ/viewform?usp=header) to sign up for biweekly reminders that the readning group meeting is coming up.


## Past Papers
[BioEncoder: A metric learning toolkit for comparative organismal
biology](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1OCsLgJZdTH_F8MxBOUzjrPHf8u1O-bmX)
[Deep learning reveals the complex genetic architecture of male guppy colouration](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mroPfVVXEe2Ski9Ll6MQcjtfFQwr8VPA/view?usp=drive_link)
[Hierarchical Conditioning of Diffusion Models
Using Tree-of-Life for Studying Species Evolution](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oj6h62g5zUjVQ5QmmRkYyKe-bQzmdeNc/view?usp=drive_link)
[BIOCLIP 2: Emergent Properties from Scaling Hierarchical Contrastive Learning](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1f_gBWdMPrb1Iz5iAL8VLCPWba81XTCCn/view)
[Evolving Interpretable Visual Classifiers with Large Language Models](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cAHLvxd4Jg4zXVFWARj1NUWEwnt9m1G3/view)

## Recordings from Previous Meetings
[October 15th, 2025](https://virginiatech.zoom.us/rec/share/jHMOtbAwc2gFEPPAHByUUF5_8cAxK8C72pMc7JY7obMixWK6ju55A7qsQVkOqy2P.6lyoS_iwn_ymeOPM)


## Shared Resources

If you want to share any resources with the group, like a paper or textbook, for example, please put it in the `Shared Resources/files` folder.

If you have a hyperlink or something similar to share, that isn't an uploadable file, you can put it below:

[BioCLIP v2 Demo](https://huggingface.co/spaces/imageomics/bioclip-2-demo)
